Carousel: Separate draggable area from controls (#33155)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-components/react-carousel/stories/src/Carousel/CarouselBestPractices.md

### Do

- Limit cards to a max width of 100% of screen size.

> - Use 'gap' css on CarouselViewport's slider to provide easy spacing between cards, use margin if circular is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use 'gap' css on `CarouselSlider` to provide easy spacing between cards, use margin if circular is enabled.
```
